railway_interface_manager: add openapi (#13854)
OpenRailAssociation/osrd: railway_manager_interface/README.md

# Railway manager interface

This repository contains the OpenAPI specification that defines the interface contract between the OSRD frontend and a Railway Interface Manager implementation.

## Overview

> The Railway manager interface is a service that handles railway-specific operations and transformations. **You are responsible for implementing your own Railway manager interface** that adheres to the interface defined in this repository's OpenAPI specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the OpenAPI specification that defines an interface which the OSRD frontend can call in order to handle custom and/or private data processes.

## Overview

The `railway-manager-interface` is a service that handles user-specific operations and transformations. **You are responsible for implementing your own service** that adheres to the interface.
```

Reviewer: We could even add a line in the overview mentionning what we (plan to) use this service for : custom file formats imports and sending last minute requests to an internal service

But since it's not comitted yet, maybe it would be superfluous
